Make sure there are no warnings in default config (#9693)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/9078.misc.md

> Add test to ensure there are no warnings in the default configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add test to ensure there are no warnings triggered by the default configuration when training or a loading a model.
```

> Add test to ensure there are no warnings triggered by the default configuration when training or a loading a model.

Reviewer: Since we're not testing loading a model - should the last section of the sentence be removed?
